update OOD docs for VUB (#503)
hpcleuven/VscDocumentation: source/compute/portal/ondemand/jupyterlab.rst

JupyterLab module will be loaded together with its dependencies (such as the
listed Python module).

.. tab-set::
   :sync-group: vsc-sites

   .. tab-item:: KU Leuven/UHasselt
      :sync: kuluh

      Furthermore, you may choose to tick one of the checkboxes to load popular
      modules from the same toolchain, such as ``SciPy-bundle`` (for widely used
      packages like ``scipy``, ``numpy``, ``pandas`` and more) and/or ``matplotlib``.

   .. tab-item:: VUB
      :sync: vub

>       A large number of widely used Python packages are available via the
>       following modules, which are loaded by default:

Reviewer: Minor suggestion for clarity:
```suggestion
      A large number of widely used Python packages are already available by default.
      The following modules are always loaded with JupyterLab:
```

      - ``Python-bundle-PyPI`` - packages for general usage
      - ``Scipy-bundle`` - data science packages like ``scipy``, ``numpy``, ``pandas``
      - ``matplotlib`` - plotting library and :ref:`matplotlib_lab_extension`

If you need additional Python packages, you can load extra modules with Python
packages via ``module load`` commands in the 'Pre-run Scriptlet' of the

> resources form.

Reviewer: Why not just use the `Lmod` panel in JupyterLab? that is much easier

Author: leuven doesn't have the modules extension, and if you regularly load the same modules it's easier in the pre-run scriptlet, because OOD remembers that list for you.

but i'll add it as alternative 👍
